Team Green 
Sept 26, 2018
Two people present
Erin Sakai (ES)
Lauren Wolf (LW)
LZ (facilitator)
JB (facilitator)
TM (facilitator)
DB (notes)
DL (notes)
Start: 11:32am is was getting ready.
End: 12:02
LZ: 
JB: Last time, per the e-mail, we will run a new, third experiment. Did you?
ES and LW: No, we did not.
JB: We are working on impact of staff turnover on psychotherapy services, but not on the impact of this on other services. So, today we will focus on this issue, and develop a new hypothesis and experiment that we can explore and ameliorate the situation, using the AGG model. 
LZ: Can you call up the last experiment work? Use the expanded outputs window. [LZ summaries the last experiment and elaborates on what is meant by impacts on other services (CC, MM etc)].
TR: So, let’s review complexity. Click on Supply complexity. And now on Effect of Overtime. 
LZ: Do some mouse work to show the systems story. [LZ works through the systems story].
TR: One way that the team can respond is to do overtime. That has an immediate effect, but also longer term effects. See the loop that that shows that. 
LZ: Increased work pressure leads to more overtime. And this does allow you to do see more patients, but see how burnout will eventually lead to staff quitting. And that will reduce available time for patients. What is the other story, TR?
TR: If you trace that third arrow up, that leads to what?
LW: Fatigue and poorer performance. 
LZ: See the i in the effect of short-term overtime on missed appts? It helps explain the effects.
LW: Yes.
LZ: And then, coming down, out of patient supply, then there is start rate that we need to accommodate. Now, see the Return to Clinic rate? That is a pressure relief valve. You can bring back patients less frequently, and that reduces the demand for appts. Do you see that?
LW and ES: Yes.
FINISHED WITH SYSTEMS STORY PIECE (took about 15 minutes??)
LZ: So that now that you have three prescribers and one psychologists, you can see how changes in staff really impact patients served and appt supply. 
LW and ES: Yes. We do.
TR and LZ: Okay, so we are really looking at service proportions and how that will change service mix and also, appoint supply. 
LZ: So TR and JB, should we workshop what you started to propose?
TR and JB: Okay. But what you have pulled up is the combined text. It is not just what we worked on. 
TR and LZ:  So let’s hit RESET and you can DISCARD the current run, because it is already saved. 
LW: Ok. RESET hit. Here is our clean window. 
TR and LZ: Do you want to start with what you have already worked with, and add to that?
ES: Use the 9-25 one? 
TR: Yes, you and see that your old decisions are present.
LZ: You can add effects to your prior work. You have added to your systems story.
LZ: But you have not done anything to the proportion of MM appts. So you want to change that in addition to the other changes you have decided. So what is the current proportion of MM from team data? 
LZ: If three-quarter of the team is prescribers, then would the current prop of MM increased? How much higher than 38%?
ES: There has been an increase in this. Docs are getting more patients?
LW: Let’s change to the new value, by 25%. So, to 47.5% 
TR: So, change the BC value for MM to 48%.
LZ: So you could also change your Return to Clinic Interval.
ES and LW: So we try to touch base with everyone once a month, if not in person that by phone work. 
LZ: So increase your phone work proportion, too!
LZ: So, can you guys see how you can get increasingly complex and represent your situation? 
LW: Yes
TR: Can we set up a new experiment?
Lz: If we lose two psychotherapy providers, what is the effect on PSY, MM, Phone Work 
LZ: Hypothesis: We have increased MM by 25% and phone work by the same amount (25%), which increases work pressure, and will impact, what?
LW and ES: Which would impact no shows? 
LZ: Yes, but if you think about it, then you are going to also impact Return to Clinic?
LZ: So, we need to make the change these things in the Experiments panel. 
TR: 
LZ: So, let’s copy the titles of the boxes that you changed into the Hypothesis box. Great. Run it.  
LW: I see that patients waiting starts to oscillate (when displaying MM results).
LZ: Write down that you see spikes in wait time every xx weeks. 
LZ: Add in Decisions that you will continue to review findings of this experiment. 
LZ: Save your run. Choose change to service prop. MM to 48.  Great. Click on ADD, ADD, ADD, and save! 
LZ: Great and thanks for all your work! 

