Team 2 11/29/2017
Attendees: 21, 23tlead, 22, 21, 22, 21
Facilitator: lz
Coder: sp

11:44a
21: How much of the data is there?

lz: Up to 2 years ago and anything within the past 24 hours.

23tlead: Are the telephone calls in there?

lz: We should check it out.  Anyways, this is still a prototype and we can still change things in the UI.

11:46a
lz:  The goal is to create a shared purpose to align around.  If we do identify places for improvement, we want to find aligning elements to help resolve those differences.  As our 1st prompt, can you think about a good learning experience?

21: I learn a lot in the morning team meetings when we exchange info.  There’s a free flow of info.

21: 22 helped me set up how to see the schedule for the day.

22: Talking with the team to get different patients in care.

21: I learned about visiting nurses, and how to get that through the VA.

11:52a
lz: We want to work together to think about creating aligning language.  What is the best case scenario?  Think about people you work with, environment, how that makes you feel, etc.  Think about the “dream team.”

23tlead: One thing I like about the team is we’re all very familiar with each other’s patients.  Right now i.e. in suicide flags, there are only 2 providers involved making decisions on whether to continue the flag, but if the entire team could make the decision together, or even beyond Team Green if other teams could be involved, that would be great.

11:56a
21: I think the communication is good.  I don’t think we have a lot of VA data.  I don’t get feedback and without the data it’s hard to make good decisions.

23tlead: It’s hard to carve out time to look at data.

21: Procedures seem to be changing every time.  EBP is new and the team helps on that change.

21:  We may have a structure of how/what to do but the rest of the clinic/new initiatives may not be on board.

21: I think this is already the dream team.  It’s very stable, comfortable, and communicative.

21: There’s a lack of cross-discipline communication/info i.e. was not alerted to the EBP changes.

22: Decisions are made quickly without input from the frontline staff.  It would help facilitate knowledge if we were involved in how to make those decisions.

lz: Recap everyone’s suggestions/thoughts.  Review do/done list.  We want to finalize the team learning goal next time.
