
Started at 8:32 - Log-in 
tlead - logged in from the conference room
TR - Co-facilitation lead 
LZ - Co-facilitation

DK - Notes

LZ - Hello, here’s Team PSD (TR, LZ and DK)
Who do we have from the team?

tlead - we have 3 MDs and me 

TR -  Time and Goal check

TR -  Next 24 minutes we have you guys, right?

TR - Run experiment based on our dynamic hypothesis, a prediction - think through all the impacts of that change are - see if our hypothesis bore out

LZ - Once we know what the impact of those changes are, hopefully we can think through what the team can do about it.

TR - compare this against the base case of no change

TR - What do you want to name this?

LZ - Usually we recommend including the values of the experiment

TR - Reviews values of Team Data table - for Psychotherapy and Care Coordination

- Reduce the complexity of the diagram

TR - helpful to think through what the effect of this experiment will be 

NY - Not necessarily true, because we have other staff doing intakes

NY - Our slots for MDs are the same; 
Some students are also starting up for psychotherapy

**8:45AM 
**TR is off script from the pre plan with a feedback loop we didn’t prep - wait-time referrals
**TR is off time compared to the plan
**TR is also jumping around the diagram, not moving through and explaining it piece by piece


TR - What happens when the wait-time increases?

NY - Refer out to Veterans Centers

tlead - What services are in the flow?

TR - I’m going to type that in here: “If we cut supply appointment supply for Psychotherapy and CC by 50%” (from 11 to 5 hrs/week and 7.25 to 4 hrs/week) then we expect that the start rate for those services will decline, causing a buildup of patients waiting to start, which will cause a change the treatment decision making to reduce the number of patients sense to those services.”

8:49
MD#1 - The existing patients who were in CC may have be referred elsewhere, pastoral care or something until we get replacement staff

— Gap of saying what the median engagement time is - missed some of it

TR - What else can you do?

MD#2 - Refer them out somewhere?

8:53 - Referral proportions introduced at 8:53AM
TR - In the model we have pulled in from your data, 14% start psychotherapy, etc.

MD#3- If we don’t have resources, we get innovative about where we send them, group,e tc.

TR - If you know based on the diagram how this change is going to impact patient care

You can change the service proportions - instead of 14% going to psychotherapy.

Since we’re reducing supply in psychotherapy and CC, what do you think a more reasonable service proportion is.

MD#2- 10%

TR - Cut it by a third?  What about CC?

tlead - Hard to think about it in percentage, easier to think about it in hours

TR - This is a population-way of thinking, not a patient-level way of thinking?

If I’m cutting the hours in half, maybe I should cut the % in half too.

8:57 - Hand off now?

LZ - Erin what do you think?

TR - Okay let me navigate to Outputs

MD#2 - This is helpful for me because patients are already going to other services like polytrauma.

MD#3 - You’ve got new results here, is there a way to compare them to the prior results?

TR - The radio buttons in the diagram for service supply control what you’re looking at in the output

TR - Patients waiting to start a service actually goes down, probably due to that feedback.

LZ - Choose any previous run and have it shown up in the diagram

lead - These are more predictive?

TR - It’s a possible future, you don’t have to accept. You have all these things under your control you can change.

tlead - I’m the only one here now. People get confused about EBPsy and Psy - MDs where seeing it’s only 1% Psychotherapy is broad, see it older adults, need to see them 60 minutes. Not psychotherapy in a conventional sense.

TR - different RVI, different engagement durations

LZ - Yes, the team data table is an estimate based on two years of team data. We could have spent 

General notes:
1. Need to manage time well
2. Need to simplify what we expect to cover
3. More we can empower them to do - team’s running the model - to develop 