Team 1
2018.04.18

Attendees: 12, 13tlead, 12, 13tlead, 13tlead, 17, 17, 12
(10:20)

10:03-10:18 - Folks completing team survey

10:18 - Review survey results

13tlead - Is this about how to tailor meetings going forward and what is our high/low priorities?

lz - Briefly describes goal of MTL Needs menu

(Looking at diverse responses on scheduling question)

13tlead - The current way organizing the schedule has been working well

13tlead - There's been a push to have people directly scheduled into our grid.  This will take away our ability to decide our schedule. (Others agree)

(Looking at new patients question)

13tlead - We will be losing 365. I was thinking about Monterrey and how to get new people in and covering clinics, maintaing our own schedules/wherever location we're at, the struggle with finding space and how that impacts getting new patients into care. I spend 45 minutes a day emailng about telehealth space

lz - Can you walk me through the process of telehealth to clinic?

13tlead - Typically we email or IM the PCP to ask them if time/day given works.  Response can be few minutes to a day and goes back and forth. Lots of phone calls trying to make veteran, PCP, and PCT time align.

12 - Thinking about treatment planning and not just about logistics. Different clinicians put in different effort into prep work, trauma work, etc. and how to make that work for each veteran
I was thinking about how to get patients into PCT not about what happens once they're here.

(Looking at return to clinic question)

13tlead - I put it as low because something I hear about often; maybe 13tlead protects us from RTC stuff but doesn't seem to be ongoing/active issue

lz - Ok so we can leave that as a not ongoing/active issue

(Looking at overwork question)

Julie - It kind of seemed out of the blue honestly (in that no shows and overwork are connected).  It's an interesting thing to check out if we've solved everything is how I thought of it.  With the data, I wouldn't think to go there.


(Looking at referrals question)

13tlead - There could be work done on referrals to the PCT, but once they are there I don't know what could be done there.

13tlead - I think we have designed a very simple way to refer to us that we seem to get a lot of pushback from.  It's done through a return to clinic order and then there's a shared session where we sit with the patient and  discuss if the PCT treatment plan is a good fit for them or if they want to return to GMH. Our art therapist does the informatiional session, but doesn't do the PCT treatment plan, they do their own plan. Everyone does the info session.

Emily - I marked it as high beceause I rely on other providers to provide referrals for my trainees.  I don't know if there's anything better than sending out friendly reminders to providers for referrals.  I'm not doing any assessments myself.  Residents don't do assessments at all.  They only do PE for example.  Someone else on our team does the prework beforehand


(Looking at burnout question)
lz - Is that still a high priority in the South Bay?

13tlead - LVM and South bay.  I agree with Emily that things in MPD have not been ideal for a number of months.  But my perspective for this was about the PCT in general.  But we also work in our respective teams. South Bay is very connected and use meetings to support each other like in LVM.  Team in South Bay and LVM are able to take things in stride due to support system.

lz - There has been a mix of can we please just focus on things that we're doing outside of external issues and also priorities changing because of external issues

13tlead - Our team was hit very hard a few months ago with the murder of pts done by another pt within our clinic.  Takes a long time to recover from.  Not sure how much support was given within MPD. But I don't always think sensitivity wise more global mental health is as supportive as they need to be.  With the recent Yountville incident and looking at security issues in Menlo Park, it's just been one thing after another.  I think the PCT have bonded together and given support to each other.

Emily - I'm hoping that  you can show us the impact we have. a lot of these extra stressors crowd the impact that we can have.  I think it's something that would be helpful for us to be reminded of esp at this time.

End 11:00
