Team PCT - September 26, 2018
Team members: 
G (joined at 10am)
E (joined at 10:06am)
J (joined late)
Team member 3 (joined at 10:09am) – can only join for 10 minutes
LZ Facilitator
TR Facilitator
JB Notes
DL Notes
DK Notes
LZ:  Walks Emily through queuing up Exp 2.
Emily: [has problem with loading Adobe Connect – had to do this 5 times]
LZ: Tells Emily to use Reveal Complexity. Walks through Exp 1 Completers and then Exp 2 Change in engagement for those in PSY for more than three months.  So Team decided that 75% reduction in Engagement time would be a good experiment. 
TIME STAMP: 10:15am
LZ: Text from last time shows this experiment.
TR: You can pull in the data from Exp 2 and now Exp 1. 
LZ: So this is want you found. What did you find? [OPEN ENDED QUESTION]
GIGI: I like that we can see the two experiments side by side. You said the findings, right LZ? 
LZ: Yes. What do the results show. Can you walk through the boxes. 
TR: [explains what is Alt 1 and Alt 2 lines. 
E: What is Starting Rate and Initiation Rate, again? [LZ explains]
LZ: you really shifted your time from patients engaged for more and 3 months to those engaged for less than 3 months.
E: How do we decide on the cutoff points??
TR: This is an important question. That is what we want to see you try to answer.
LZ: So, let’s try to do this by combining Exp 1 and Exp 2. GIGI, can you put that in the Our Question box?
G:  [Types: Combining Exp 1 and 2.
E: Would we start more new patients? 
TR: If you reveal complexity, you can see that you will be able to start new patients.
TIME STAMP 10:30am: Typing in new Our Hypothesis.
E: [types: Increase in starting rate and increase in graduating rate because we are spending more time on patients in first three months. 
LZ and TR: So the effect of this is more patients graduating, which allows even more new patients to start! 
E: I love your energy! So, I agree, that was what I meant that we will see a greater N of people served.
LZ: Shifting the focus on patients 
G: I feel lost. Someone else should drive. I need to step back and see this. 
E: Let’s just explain this to Gigi. 
J: I am here, too!  
LZ: By testing Exp 1 and Exp 2 together. We should see greater starting rate and a greater graduation rate.
G: We would be able to treat a greater caseload of patients. 
E: I am referencing a patient that I have been seeing on and off for 8 years. 
LZ: Now, GIGI, add in the effect of the Exp 1 (Completers to grad = 50%). Great. Now run.
TIME STAMP: 10:42
LZ: So, now we see the three Experiments.  Show the Sankey.
E: We see that there are 33 more people who are completers, graduators
E: Over one year?
TR: Two years!
TIME STAMP: 10:45am
LZ: So type in findings, we see an almost 10 fold increase in completers and this would go up even more, if we went further out in time. 
E: We can use this evidence to show when we get push back for graduating patients.
LZ: Go back and look at the red and purple bars. What do you see?
E: The scale is different. The number of visits is cut in half!
LZ: So you see that even in the bars that represent RETURNS, many of them are almost getting the EB dose of PSY? How does that strike you?
E: It is idealistic. I do not think that there is anyone who I have successfully treated in just 8 sessions. 
J: I have done some of this with PCT. But only for stabilization treatment patients. We are coding all of these patients as PSY. [mentions STARE??]
TIME STAMP 10:55am: Discussing implications of Sankey
E: Let’s say we do 10 sessions of ASK and then 10 session of XX. So that is 20 sessions.
LZ: Reminds EMILY that you can go to the DUI to see how patients are binned. 
E: [Asks another question. Makes another point]
LZ: So, let’s add text to the DECISIONS box. 
G: [Wants someone else to drive]. My patient is here.
LZ: Okay, so let’s save your work, so we do not leave it. 
E: My patient is here, too! I have to go.
LZ: Ok. So click on save, and great. Thanks so much everyone. Bye!

TIMESTAMP: 11:00am

