01/11/2018 Team 1 – Session 2 Makeup Meeting
Attendees:
- 17
- 17
- 11tlead
- 373
Facilitator: lz

12:10p
lz: Thanks for doing this extra meeting in your busy schedules.  We got around the tech glitches for the group by meeting in person, but the goal of this meeting is to not set a precedent where the team locally keeps moving forward without the other sites, since Team 3 isn’t just local sites, but all of the sites together.  The next meeting is on January 17th as discussed before.  We won’t be using the full meeting time usually because we know you have clinical items to discuss.
12:13p
lz: Describes each MTL goal.  Questions? Comments?
Team: No, we’ve mostly heard this bit before.
12:18p
lz: We know that 373 is the overall clinic director, but would it make sense to have a team lead for each location as a point person?  We have 371 at local site for example and 372.
11tlead:  Yes, we can have 371 for local and 372 for non local.
lz: Ok, we will do that for local sites.  372 for non local and 11tlead, 373, 364 for non local sites.
12:20p
lz:  Have you guys seen that HTML email?  It has do/done list, etc.
Team: No, we don’t think so.
lz: Okay, well (pulls up Team 3’s HTML as example) this is what it’s supposed to look like.  Would this be helpful as a follow up after each meeting and as a reminder before the next meeting?
Team: yes
12:24p
lz: Shifting gears, lz checks in on each person’s understanding of MTL, how many sessions they were part of, etc.
12:26p
lz: Explains why called “Modeling to Learn”
373: Correct and 
11tlead: We’re not trying to be defensive. Not that we think all data is wrong, but for example we had group open for 20 patients but only 12 showed up which counts as 60% productivity, even though 12 patients may have been our actual goal.  We are actually quite confident that we show up and do good, productive work, but want that to reflect concretely.
lz: I apologize, not trying to say anyone’s comment was defensive.  11tlead your comment about wanting to be able to concretely see the work you do. (lz links back 11tlead and 373 comments to overall goals of project).  17, circling back to you, even if you don’t know much about the project itself, this is really about just what the team wants.  Do you have anything you would like to add in terms of what you want for the team?  lz gives examples of broader visions – Does that help?
17: I guess from my point of view of never having been involved in these kinds of processes before, it feels like it doesn’t really matter.  This sounds bad, but it feels like we are constantly dictated to. I don’t know how this process will be helpful if the system doesn’t support this kind of thing.
lz: While this may seem like a wild fantasy, we’re really trying to work toward empowerment. We’re obviously not going to unlearn how the VA works in a 15 minute chat.  lz tries to example goal and her background.
17: I feel bad because I feel like I’m wasting other people’s times that have been more involved in MTL so far.
651 + team: No, don’t feel bad, this is super helpful in further orienting us and giving us things to think about as well.
lz: Let me give you example – How does us having access to data change it in anyway?  It doesn’t change the data but it gives you ability to see how different decisions affect each other.  lz talks about how Team 6 came up with team goal – they have both long, professional version and a short quick motto as well.  Gave another team’s goal as example as well.  I would like to finalize interim vision as first thing at the next meeting.
12:53p
lz: Team learning goal we will try to finalize.  Feel free to email back and forth to do that.  For the clinical case, we want something that is objective, trends that are bigger than single provider’s case load.  Most of us use heuristics where we tend to think of most recent cases or maybe our outlier cases, rather than our typical cases and how we can improve care for most.  That’s a potential strength of data.  But I’ve learned that, if we tend to think the most concrete thing is data, the most concrete thing to picture is a veteran.  There’s no “wrong” case, but I would encourage you to think of a typical case.
lz: MTL has three components – 1) has data; 2) is facilitated (you have resources and support!); 3) you can simulate out situations and see what’s causing things.  When deciding data selection, there are multiple things to consider – staffing, site, etc.  There’s no “wrong” answer, but in line with the workshop, the “right” answer is that the team knows what data everyone is looking at and agrees on it.
1:00p
lz: Wraps up meeting.  We will see everyone next Wednesday.
