Team 6 11/28/2017
Attendees: 63tlead, 62, 67, 63, 64, 67, 61
Facilitator: lz
Coder: sp

9:15a
lz goes through schedule for models.

9:21a
63tlead: Confused about lz’s role and objective for team.

lz: Anyone else have questions to add?

63tlead: Are we part of your research? Wondering about the ultimate goal of call ins.

lz: I’m going to give potentially dissatisfying answer.  I’ve trained as a clinical and community psychologist.  My goal is to help you all achieve whatever goal you set.  Want to align myself with your goals for improvement.  Questions?

lz: Activities are to develop competencies as provider and as team.  Sometimes we have problems in quality of work life or quality of care.  People have lots of ideas for improvement.  We want to cultivate a safe environment for asking questions, making changes, etc.

9:28a
lz: We have an NIH grant.  We said we would work with the VA Palo Alto with PSD practices.  We have modeling data to help teams think in systems thinking ways.  We emphasized in the grant that providers are not subjects but rather partners.  

63tlead: Is this research being done at other clinics in local healthcare system?

lz: Yes, we’ve been working another local site for awhile.

63tlead: Are you working with other sites within system as well? 

lz: Yes, are some of you at both clinics?

63tlead: No.

9:34a
lz: Sometimes this is a bit slow and we know that can be frustrating, but also don’t want to push anything people don’t want.

62: We are very pressed for time and just clarified it’s a research project and it’s happening at other clinics.

lz: We hear your concerns on time and it’s true for everyone.  Here is how we hope to be a resource.  By the way, we have resources from VA and NIH.  We want to divest federal funding to frontline staff and not just managers.  One thing that happens with performance measures – people do “whack-a-mole”, so we want people to be able to see changes that decisions make.  This is about improving the quality of work life for clinicians to improve quality of care to vets.

lz runs through MTL goals – Does anyone have questions?

63tlead: Can you give us an idea of what goals the local site is working on?

lz: Well each team has their own goal i.e. Team 5, Team3, etc.  Before sharing other people’s goals, know that we’ve had feedback that some folks feel like it detracts from coming up with their own team goal.

61: We are down for abstractness of the goal.  Let’s jump in… We have an access problem.  There’s not enough space to put in the new providers but more patients, more work, etc.  We are running around putting fires and we’re told that data shows a bunch of no shows.  The data is not representative of experiences i.e. doesn’t show walk-ins?  There’s a lot of undocumented work we don’t get credit for.

9:46a
lz: This is a common theme.  One solution from my view – I think when data are created by people that don’t do the work, we have this mismatch.  This is why I’m trying to push for frontline staff input to leaderships.  Explains the use of the dynamic data tool.  We want to know how to improve it to better serve people.

9:53a
lz: Do the goals I structured align well enough with your team goals?  Do you have a motto in mind?  

All: Better together, smarter not harder, efficient and effective… Is this about the data?

lz: It’s about the data and the team.  Also, think about how to use this when making tough decisions down the road.

All:  Suggestions on division of labor, doing what people prefer... Our process is good but we can make it better with your resources.

lz: I’m hearing a forward, innovative outlook/process on this.

All: Conversation around “Strength in Numbers” as the motto.

lz: I like it!  It points to the team and data.  For next time, pick a case/vet to look at in the simulation.  It doesn’t need to be an extreme case.  Sometimes people end up making clinic decisions based on an extreme case, but we want to look at what happens in the majority of/typical cases.  
