team 6
2018.05.08

Attendees: 63tlead, 65, 63, 63, 64, 61


Start time - 9:05am

lz - Not everyone filled out the survey so we will just go through it together

lz Why is burnout and staffing so high?

63tlead - Walk-in days we feel like too much to manage on top of regularly scheduled people.

65 - Number of patients scheduled/way they are scheduled does not provide enough time.  Cretes a rush.  Bleeds out.

63 - Feel like working at breakneeck speed.  Ancillary work on senior social work. Lots of self-advocacy on manging plate and taking off stuff when things are added.  higher workplace violence with threats after Yountville.  Also compassion fatigue.

61 - Spenidng more time documenting and coordinating care.  We've had patients with homicidal ideation. Exhausting recent incidents with addressing ethical and safety concerns

63 - There's 2 psychiatrists in Modesto leaving and 4 in SJ leaving.  We have to cover for all of that.  Cover all of the Valley.  Though of it makes me want to quit.  we also have new patients on top of that.

65 - We already send to other places because we're too full.

63 - LVM has more space but patients don't want to do the drive. Leadership's answer is that we just have to deal with it.  comparing schedules is very disheartening (to other sites). 

64 - Frustrating to see these issues and not be able to support

63 - High need/low staff here.  Low need/high staff elsewhere.  

63tlead - Managing walk-ins means we have to cancel scheduled appointments sometimes.  We only have one same day appointment slot each day.

61 - good thing is we all have different walk-in days (different days they are responsible for handling walk-ins)

63 - We are able to take other people's walk-ins sometimes.

63tlead - One solution proposed is to pu all 3 same day in walk iday and 2 on another day.

61 - Most times same day is already filled from the hospital

63 - MyHealthyVet changes will le vets schedule their own same day appointment.  Same day will be more booked coming up.

Everyone  - Creates issue of having to manage if patient is appropriate for caring/meeting at that time. Creates more work, phone appointments.

lz - RTC looks spread in priority?

63tlead - I think this seems lkike something we have more control over and I would to see that.
