team 5
2018.04.26

Attendees: 52tlead, 53

8:23a - Begin review of MTL menu responses

52tlead - I rated EBPsy low becuase we are doing it well - Don't fix what's not broken.

53 - We work intermittently with Pacific Art Service but have no dedicated PSS.

(Looking at new patients question)

52tlead - Just in terms of keeping the flow.  Our vets tend to stay in care longer.  Trying to ensure we don't have a wait list.

53 - Lots of fluctuations with and without students.  It can double. Also, lots of changes with 52tlead moving and katie on maternity leave.

lz - What about the practicuum students?

52tlead - Affects how many people we can see but it's not as abrupt as MHC.  They are more integrated in the team.

(Looking at RTC question)

53 - I guess I didn't understand how RTC could be a tool?

52tlead - Being able to hold a specific slot for a patient

lz - Explains RTC

52tlead - Doesn't seem like a good use of our time (in response to RTC manipulation)

(Looking at overbook question)

53 - Not sure what the question is about but I definitely feel overbooked.  Also, interested in relationship betweeen overbook and no show

52tlead - Thinking about email that Ann sent out about sechduling through MyHealthyVet, brought up concerns.  I was thinking if modeling could help us see effects of same day slots being filled.

52tlead - Same day things tend to be more intensive concerns than something handled in 30 minutes. 

53 - I know it's a counterintuitive relationship for me.  I'll book during lunch but people don't show.  Maybe this sticks more in my head because I gave up time.

lz - Why is psychotherapy high but EBPsy not?

53 - We have folks in EBPsy and have good track record but we can always improve.

52tlead - Patients are accustomed to supportive therapy.  How we ensure we get people in EBtreatment is to get them better faster instead of doing acclimation too long.

(Thinking about how to use tool/what has been helpful)

52tlead - Using my departure as a way to make changes from TRP to IOP.  Using the tool to make those decisions.

52tlead - When we thought of a specific patient that one time.

lz - What are some questions you would like to explore?

52tlead - What is average number of service patient is engaged in?  Making decisions on if it is necessary or creating barriers?

(Looking at burnout)
53 - I'ts here and it's real.  

lz - Our userinterface simulation is ready for testing.  Would you guys be interested?

53 - I think our data is different so wiating until we have our team data

52tlead - Yes, I'm happy to play around
