11/02/2017 TEAM 5 – Session 1 Shared Vision
Attendees
- 57
- 52tlead
- 55
- 53
- 53
- 53
- 53

Facilitator: lz

1:40pm
Everyone introduces themselves

1:43pm
lz: Gives overview and addresses that we want a shared goal.  Reads MTL Session 1 shared vision script.

1:46pm
lz: Give an example of a good learning experience? Or “Aha!” moment

52tlead: Physical therapist came and talked about how physical trauma can affect sexual function.

Team:  All really liked it.

53: We check in about burn out and motivation.

53: I like our collaborative process.  We discuss all new issues and patients to team and group brainstorm.

53: Brought up obstacle with patient to 53 and helped clarify it better.

57: other VA interns/students/peers feel like they don’t have a voice/don’t like hierarchy, but I don’t feel like that here.  Very non-threatening, safe, collaborative space.

55: “Just-in-time” coaching was very supporting
1:50pm
lz: Reviews all the thoughts given.  Picture what you want to do between now and spring?  Think about “dream team”.  Did anyone think about changes with decision making, communication, etc?

55: I really thought about change of myself.  I feel like I only listen and take in instead of contributing.

57: Also thought of self-improvement because I’m new and don’t know how to work a lot of things.

52tlead: Keeping in mind how my decisions affect the team.  Not adding more work while wanting everyone to be able to contribute.

lz: Ties in 52tlead’s comment to 53’s comments about discussing burnout.

53: I feel like all my burnout issues come from the system/VA not the team i.e. CPRS; number of clinicians/teams for one patient and trying to navigate all of that

53: Our clients don’t have one direct route.  They bounce around a lot within and outside of the system.  Balancing the amount of info to share with the team and about patients to not give too much information/politics but enough background.

2:01pm
I hear a lot of how to interface with other teams.  Within the team, I hear there are concerns on how to share decisions while respective everyone’s time and continuing with collaborative spirit of the team.  We will send an email with a done list and do list.  Please review.




