Team: Team 4
Date: 1june2018
Facilitator: lz 
(no co-facilitator or admin support today - that was fine, actually - but I needed 2 hours 30 pre-prep/30 min post documentation)
Session: mtl_agg_session2_quesition
Planned Start Time: 8:15AM

Memos: 
First time meeting only virtually with Adobe Connect and VANTS
Chatted Team membes through Skype.
Lz made all of them team leads for today.
They joined the current session that was already in progress.

Attendees: 41 41 45 

Adobe Connect & VANTS & SIM
SIM - Join current session

Timestamps: One provider joined at 8:16AM - they ultimately met in one provider's office.

We moved through the modle from 8:31-9:00AM.

At the beginning of the sesion - LZ introduced and showed through Adobe Connect the new "mtl.how" set of links.
Specifically:
mtl.how/sim - reminder to use 
mtl.how/data - reminder to use Explorer and open in Excel

We began by pulling up their quesitoin from RedCap, which they completed in advance at the team huddle the day before.
And, they emailed it to the facilitators in advance.

Question:
How does not having psychology as part of the team affect patient services and team functioning?
What does the model predict will be the outcome of >90% decrease in psychotherapy resource?

Lz drove the Adobe Connect account and showed:
- Team Sim 
- Team Data 

41 asked:  What about the referrals to practicum students who aren't in our team?
LZ asked: Does anyone have an idea what part of the answer to that question would be?
41 answered: part of 


Revised the Hyptothesis:

We expect a >90% decrease in psychotherapy resources, due to provider leaving the team, and due to a gap in practicum student coverage. 
To do: What proportion of practicum students do we think we can use? And, when will we get our substitute? 

Team Decisions:

Next Steps include experimenting up or down from 50% of the practicum students grids for psychotherapy.
lz will prep the file with the practicum student grids in it.
