Team Blue 7/13/2018 – notes Jane – all times EDT
VANTS line was not scheduled because this was a “make-up” meeting, so some delays in getting started with the audio. But team and L were live together in bullpen so this only delayed David and Jane joining.
Note new person – get login for them.
11:22: Lindsey explaining MTL.how/sim and MTL.how/live
11:24 Lindsey helping an individual get 2 windows open, incl loading adobe connect. You don’t need www or https or any of that (though you can).
L to David and Jane: Do you guys have the passwords in front of you? David yes, it’s blue… [Jane did not have the roster open – need to do that.]
11:27 L: explaining why they need adobe connect, even though today they’re all live in the bullpen
11:28 L: explaining the 2 worlds they have access to. Your own private world for learning. Use of different logins. We can send some email about the 2 logins they share the same password and use …
11:29 We’re in our team world and what I notice is that we’ve uploaded a new dataset since the one that’s showing here. Anyone willing to drive?
Yes, someone volunteered. L coaches him to share his screen on adobe connect. L goes and makes him host. One thing we’ve learned is it’s hard to keep your info private, …choose… [I didn’t catch all this but it seems important.]
He shares, L coaches him to start new game and pass the warning popup and what that means, and select the newer dataset.
L: Open expanded outputs. See what prior runs are there under Select Experiment. Click the ? and it tells you all your values from the last run. Our Question, Our Hyp, etc. Asks vols to read Q and H. 2 different volunteers read them
L: Picks up on side comment: [person] made a nice joke. The model bias is meant to be what the Team can do, [not like magically have more staff.]
L: still scrolling down in the ?, looking at all the value settings for that saved run, asks for and gets a different volunteer to read the Decisions which mentioned pulling a new dataset to include students.
L: We’ve actually done some work with your question since you met last, meaning all the Team PSD folks – you always could pull in a new dataset, but we can also do it by moving the sliders.
L: We want to create a good new what we call base case. In SD, the base case is trying to tell you what would happen into the future if nothing is changing. That is not realistic in the real world because things are always changing. But in MTL it allows you to run an alternative scenario where you change something, and you can see exactly what the impact of that change is.
L: Back to main screen. Shows how Team Data Table is showing what’s being read into the red variables. (says “green”) You can see these are mostly very close to the national averages, except the team is a little bit… [This was a bit of content SME that I would not be able to offer.]
11:39 L: Explains the RVI for each service. So those values are feeding the base case in the model. But the one thing we want to turn on, it’s that’s this switch up on the left. L takes over mouse. Points to Appointment supply and shows how from team data table it’s reading that sort of stable estimate from past 2 years. If you want to know where these data come from, you’d click on the i next to it in the team data table. If you want to know what you’re changing when you move a slider, you click the i in the experiments tile.
L: Team data lags the present, and that’s by design. We can’t calculate your average from the last 6 months because we want to say how long people tend to stay in a service, and that takes time. So that’s why we use 2 years.
L: So we’re going to turn on the Team Data switch. And we also realized that we want all of the feedback loops turned on. Describes Reveal Complexity; one of these relates to your question. If you don’t have slots for a certain service, you don’t just keep referring people to that service. It influences your decisions. The point of this SD model is, it’s not correlation – it’s literally saying that if you don’t have enough hours in the day, it’s going to slow down all the things in this… I’m forced to slow down when I get on the highway and the traffic is heavy, example.
So you want to think about the impact of that loss, and see how that’s going to affect everything that happens downstream from your available appointment supply.
11:46 I don’t know why it’s not responding to me – oh cuz I’m using MY mouse. We have other things that we know affect things – quick ref to other loops and stories. So for now, if it’s in purple, we don’t know what you decide to do in your minds when you experience this pressure, or how many decide to work longer hours. But since it’s math, we can at least turn it on by putting in a number. Ie if it’s zero, it’s actually saying it’s not having any effect. So for now we’ll just set them all to 1, the middle of the range. We can always come back and experiment with these.
11:49 L: I should let you do this (participant). So now we know that these are all live. Let’s go ahead and hit RUN – it’s the green button under the Experiment Timeline. So this is going to be our new basecase. It’s saying this is what will happen based on all our own data and with all these dynamics turned on, but with no changes. Go to Expand, Save, Name. Then shows the outputs you can see in the charts – you can compare experiments. But also on the left you can compare services. Clicks that. Shows the variables. Pay attention to the fact that the y axis adjusts scale. Look closely so you don’t think you’re comparing apples to apples in one chart and the next. Jane adds that y axis also doesn’t always start at zero. And L: right and this one is showing a percentage. [wrong labels, but I didn’t bring that up. Bug being worked on]
L: In general what a SD does with a service pressure – work pressure is high until your backlog is decreased.
Participant Q: Is there a reason it’s not showing all the lines? L it’s because the differences between some of them are too small. You can explore those by deselect the controlling ones.
11:56 L: Let’s go on and since we only have 5 minutes left, let’s go back and choose compare experiments so we’re set up for that, and then let’s go back and make an adjustment to the appt supply. Jane: Did you reset? L: No, we should. Instructs that.
L: Do you guys want to try only changing psychotherapy? Looks at TDT. So if you really think you’re going to lose 90%, you’ll probably want to experiment with this at about 2.
L: I think we’re booked back to back. We’ll reduce [lost psychologist’s] time down, and we’ll adjust some other things based on what you want to test. Do you already know what you’re doing to mitigate that drop in supply?
Some ideas I couldn’t hear – Lindsey what did they suggest? L: if you have other ideas you can email us, we are meeting in between.
L: talks about possibly meeting a few more times and then celebrating and having some booster meetings later.

