Team 4
9-21-2018 

11:20 -- Meeting starts (about 5 min late), but I don't start notes until 11:27 -- team members come in staggered, but all show up
11:27 -- Team asks question about what it means to start a new session; "Do we need to load new data to start  new session?"
LZ answers: "Nope, its just used if you want to switch models, aka level of detail."
Team says: "What if we want to ask a new question, won't things be set up to answer the old question, not what we want?"
LZ: "Lets try it, as there are lots of ways to do what you want"
"You always want to be comparing against the same base case, especially if you want to ask a new question"
"The base case, b/c is based on 2 years of data, shouldn't be changing that much"
"You can jump to old experiment values, but sim always starts fresh, with all base-case values"
11:30 -- small interrupt, someone else wants to use the conference room --
11:31 -- LZ: reviews how adobe connect screen sharing works, so they can work together later, even if they are in different places
11:32 -- Team member starts to drive, needs reminder about how to log in and select run. Team member pulls up base case run form 8-31, and answers question about why we care about the base case = "need to compare apples to apples." LZ asks "What is base case, really? What does it mean that the sliders aren't moved?  Team replies (correctly): "We see what happens if we just continue as we are."
LZ: "See in the BC, that all sliders say "BC"...all the way to the left for green and red, and all purple should be in the middle -- go to main tile and reveal complexity (all!), some of these experiments are with feedbacks.  Another team member is interested in Overtime, but since we don't have good data on OT, you can experiment with these feedbacks -- answer question: How sensitive is our team to fatigue, or burnout to OT, etc.?  In the BC, we set these at the middle value, so the team is not immune to these effects, but not really responsive either.
Team clicks "i", which opens up the detailed notes
LZ: gives example of what changing one of the OT slides means in the real world
11:38 -- Team asks: "What would it mean if sensitivity was 2? If the sensitivity is 0, would that be that everything was okay -- in terms of overtime?"  
11:40 -- TR: uses main diagram to walk through how the sensitivity OT to work pressure works (it's the ratio of appointments on the books to the hours to see them with)
Team member asks: "So, the overtime is one way we can react to having too many patients or not enough hours?
TR responds: "Team can use sliders to customize the model to be better represent how you work/how you react"
11:46 - LZ: "Model diagram shows you about the physics of the situation, shows what influences work pressure, and what work pressure influences"  -- then walks through work pressure and OT feedback loop with team
11:47 -- LZ: points out other feedback loop (how OT affects missed appointments) to respond to Team question about "what about all the other things besides patient appointments (responding to secure messages and calls) that matter?"  
LZ: We put this in here to combat the message that overworking in the VA is a good thing -- but that there are costs if you don't have the time do what is high quality care...all the little things that you need for high quality care, but don't get credit for.
11:51 -- Team: "How about we experiment with that?"
LZ: "Great!  Let's do it! Go to the expanded outputs screen..." Asks team: "What's you question?"
Team: "How does moving the sensitivity slider for OT related to work pressure from 1 to 1.7 change output variables?"
LZ: "You have to stake a claim - what's your hypothesis about what will happen?"
Team member: Hypothesis first draft: "Efficiency will go down, and that may be measure in a large number of the graphs, when compared to the base case." 
LZ: "Really? Wouldn’t you see more patients in the short run?" and then explains better before worse phenomenon, where those initial gains from OT will be off set in the long run as other loops kick in.
11:54 -- We toggle over to the diagram, and Team works on new hypothesis.
Team looks ad diagram, and member says: "Wait... Isn’t everything dependent on work pressure, so the slider value wont' matter if the work pressure isn't high, right?"
TR: Yes! Totally right! Can I give you a high-five over the phone!?!
LZ: explains: "this sounds just like a thermostat... feedback only kicks in when the room is cold"
LZ: Can you write down your new hypothesis?" Team writes: "In short run, efficiency will increase, but fatigue will lead to inefficiency over time. That when work pressure is low, sensitivity will not impact outcomes significantly due to the balancing feedback (ie, thermostat)."
11:58 -- Team member says: "I only have 140 seconds left!"  So we rush, and expand back out, hit run, and then use the expended outputs to compare against the base case to see if we are right
--but, we hit run without moving the slider--  :(
LZ takes over, and quickly copy and pastes the teams' questions and hypothesis, and hit reset
12:00 -- Team member moves sensitivity slider for Work Pressure on OT from 1 to 0, and hits run. 
LZ: Asks "What service do we want to see" -- Team say "MM," so LZ clicks MM in the main tile, then goes to expanded outputs tile, and select the BC experiments to compare against
Team member asks: "So that's how we can navigate to the service we want to look at?"
LZ: writes down the findings that the team narrates: "We were right: making that change in the results in very little impact against the base case of no new decisions"
12:04 -- One team member leaves
LZ: Finishes writing the decision text: "Next time we will add a sensitivity test of 1.7 for Workpressure on OT, to our values for the experiment 2 sliders to see the combined impact of loss of supply and change in service proportions."
We save the run, but!!!
-- We notice that we don't have enough granularity to save sensitivity slider values!!! -- 
12:06 -- LZ wraps the session, thanking people for their time, and noting "It's interesting that multiple teams are interest in overtime and work pressure effects."